what's going on guys Dennis attention to
use like spotlight rolling out a
beautiful bike on a beautiful day guys
tomorrow is turkey day we don't have a
lot of ride to see the left so trying to
bust out the big dog story all right and
well lookie what I've got here you're
looking at a 2009 harley-davidson
street ball all right not a fat bob
not a billy-bob not a Joe Bob street bob
all right I'm a big fan of the street
box you guys probably heard me say over
and over again that I love old-school
bikes something classic something Ben
street bob really defined it looks like
something that you could have built in
your basement something in your garage
excellent piece and this one is tricked
out pretty nice now like I said it is a
2009 it comes standard with a 12-inch
baby ape hanger handlebars on it you got
the black cup on the handle on your
headlight here and then the denim finish
on the paint now the pinstriping that
you're seeing off throughout here this
is not stock harley davidson stuff this
is something somebody went out to an
event they saw something in there like
you know what let's go ahead and set
mine apart from everybody else let's
make something sexy and they really get
like i said flat black denim with that
old-school pinstriping really sets that
bike off now
Mars also got big mount controls on this
body which is really good tribute to the
old school style of right now you got it
forward this peg so if you want to kick
out and go down the road you can but if
you want to get to an aggressive riding
situation it's going to be very do with
the mid down drunk now this is a 2009
you have the 96 get it gets murdered
you've got the six-speed transmission
and you've got screaming eagle to
exhaust on their bikes got a great sound
to it it's got a good little grumble
what I mean I wouldn't steer you wrong
come on I've been doing this long enough
you guys know what's up now I think
probably one of your doing old-school
bikes like this something is Bob doubt
because it's hard to make a good seat
choice because you do something that's
good for the look of the bike and it's
going to be very uncomfortable for you
or a passenger if you decide to run one
now this is a custom seat but we want to
say that that's a la perra saddle
excellent look to it grooves with the
bike really well but you still got a
nice flat area up here so your passenger
isn't going to pray for your death when
you're going down the road now like I
said you got the 96 you got the
six-speed you got the pinstriping you
got the old-school flat black you got
the four workers peg on it you got the
Screaming Eagle to slip ons now let's
talk about something even better how
about mileage guys this bike has three
thousand 130 miles all right 30 130
miles 31 30 that's it ok now granted by
the time I get done right and it's
probably going to be closer to 30 for
rotten kid should be 31 32 but beautiful
bike hell of an opportunity and what
makes it such a great opportunity 10 4
95 ten thousand four hundred and ninety
five dollars put you on a big twin
harley-davidson street bob flat black
custom paint custom pipes I mean come on
I can't really point out any more for
you the bike is phenomenal it's a great
opportunity ok if please come on out
scene
take this thing out for a run see we can
get done for you so give me a call here
at the shop phone number six one eight
four six to thirty 30 ask to speak to
Dennis the ugly guy in the ugly hat or
hit me up via email Denison tez
motorcycle world calm and better yet
come on in ask for me I'll bring this
thing out will let you take it for a
spin and then we'll let you take it home
we got excellent financing available
we've got David a genie in the financing
office if you've got decent credit we
can get you bought and get you down the
road so guys come on in take advantage
of this or any of the other
opportunities we have here and when you
do ask for Dennis that's me that's what
I'm doing here now if you excuse me I'm
gonna go have fun